All right we're about to start developing our own applications where rabid MQ.
And before we dig into our development section let's go where what we're going to do in this section
in this section we will learn how to use Rabbitt template for spraying this.
Robert Templer is the beautiful and simple way to use rabbit.
Q With spring and job of course.
So we're going to make use of it extensively in our sections and I'll show you all the methods of it
in our sections.
When were developing our applications and next we're going to learn how to publish messages with Rabbitte
template and spring and Jawa and then we're going to configure our Qs and then we're going to configure
our topics and routing between them.
After reconfigure our queue's topics and routing We're of course going to learn how to configure our
own exchanges from the actual Java code.
And of course making use of spring dependency injection after we finish with configuring our exchanges
topics and queues we're going to configure our listener to listen to messages coming from exchanges.
And finally by cue's after we learned how to use Rabbitte template and configure our Qs Xchange and
topics we're going to combine all of our knowledge in the section and we're going to both send and receive
messages from rabidity.
Q Broecker So this section is going to be a very useful section to learn how things work with rabid
MQ both using Java and spring so I encourage you to watch these lectures very carefully and try to implement
while watching them.
So to start with using Rabbitt template I'll be seeing you in the next video.